Edit changelog and bumped version for verion 0.10.0 (#108)
NordicSemiconductor/pc-nrfconnect-toolchain-manager: Changelog.md

## 0.10.0 - 2021-09-27
### Added

> -  Launch VS Code with installation instructions based on missing software
> -  First steps to building with VS Code instructions
> -  Settings to hide older environments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Launch VS Code with installation instructions
-  First steps instructions to building with VS Code
-  Setting to hide older environments
```
